hey folks it's Jud From Evolution
Unleashed and today I have a free gift
for you in the form of the ultimate
prompt tool kit give me a couple of
minutes I'm going to show you inside
show you the professionally engineered
prompts that we give you for free and an
introduction to our prompt structure
which we also give you to show you
what's possible with these models today
right now at our fingertips chaty PT
Claude Gemini doesn't matter it works on
all of them and this is going to open up
a in a way that you haven't seen before
and the reason I'm doing this is twofold
one there's so many prompt packs out
there that you see 10,000 20,000 50,000
promact folks you can generate those in
three seconds in chat GPT give me 1,000
unique marketing prompts in an
instructional format there's your
thousand prompts do that uh 10 times you
got 10,000 prompts across 10 different
Industries or businesses or use cases
it's nonsense they're rubbish and they
give generic high level output that you
cannot use in your business and they are
charging you a lot of money for these
and it's raw because it's just
disingenous it's not adding any value
and while people say yeah but it shows
you what's possible well no not really
it shows you what not to do in AI you
need prompt structure so the second
reason is to equip you with the absolute
basic skills you're going to need to
navigate the AI error with prompt
structure and we're going to show you
the power of professionally engineered
prompts that can be quite long e but
long prompts don't work people tell me
and then I show them the output I show
them what we're achieving and they're
like maybe I need prompt structure maybe
you do folks prompt structure will set
you free and will open up so many new
use cases so we got a bunch of free
prompts huge number all professionally
engineered and they're going to show you
what's possible with prompt structure
it's going to in inspire you I hope to
see just how valuable AI can be in our
daily walks in our business in our
careers right now let's go have a look
and then I'll show you how you get your
hands on it did I mention it's free yeah
I think we mentioned it's free so here
it is folks the ultimate prompt toolkit
pretty
awesome you can read the introduction
I'm just going to take you to the table
of contents and show you what's inside
as quickly as I can I don't like to
Waffle too long our unique prompt
structure now this is a prompt structure
we pioneered it's being copied a lot now
but I tell you what this is how you get
to the really gold level of output when
it comes to these AI models so we're
going to teach you the Five Points I'll
show you down further what that looks
like but learning prompt structure folks
hugely valuable hugely important and
it's a piece of knowledge that I think
should be free to the world to all
humans or Humanity in order to help move
us all forward and to equip us for this
era of AI that is bearing down on us at
a zillion miles an hour gosh I don't
know how you keeping up folks but I've
put this document together to help you
sort of wrap your head around what's
possible and to look at AI in a whole
new light okay then we got some prompts
create comedy routines ah a bit of fun
coloring impr prompts now this one's
cool I'll show you that one in a moment
uh really good bonding experience with
the kids personal development prompts so
book summaries aligned to your
personality your May's brick score the
way you learn and absorb information
it'll take the principles of the book
you'll tell it what you're trying to
achieve reading the book and it can even
give you an action plan absolutely
incredible all from one prompt um you
identify and unlock your your
entrepreneurial superpowers um how to
create learning material that resonates
with you and will teach you any subject
that the AI is trained on in a way that
you understand because it's about your
wiring and your learning style very cool
prompts uh content generation look
content is the new oil content is going
to explode as people use AI to generate
it you need to learn how to use AI to
accelerate and improve your content not
just blindly rely on horrible generic AI
output we see enough of that don't we
folks it's awful he's going to show you
how to do content properly images doly 3
write short stories write articles and
blogs look I've got professional
copywriters who this is their goto and
they're producing 500 plus articles a
week using this tool
incredible uh how to create some social
media content how to rewrite your
website copy so you can just have it
look at your website and give you
suggestions um then you got sales and
marketing for for business folks
developing your target market which is
very very important because you want to
align all your offers to it uh webinar
scripts sales funel audits predict the
success of your cold email campaigns and
get in some insight into how to improve
them Google ads Facebook ads emails
strategy and sequences e-commerce
product description generator client
acquisition strategy build your hook
story and offer cold Outreach on
LinkedIn generate all your scripts and
create powerful marketing messages for
any
platform Niche finding competitor
analysis sentiment analysis when someone
sends you something and you're like what
are they really trying to say and put it
into this prompt and not only will it
tell you what they're saying it'll give
you an appropriate response to inspire
you and potentially give you some ideas
on how
respond uh creating Sops look I'm a huge
believer in Sops folks systems and
processes underpin your business you
cannot scale or build consistent Revenue
without Sops this will help you build
them in the snap of a
finger how to analyze legal agreements
to see what your risks are and to see
what your exposure is how weighted it is
in your favor against you I put Apple's
teas and se's through it horrific I wish
I hadn't makes me scared to pick up my
iPhone uh how to create workflow flow so
your workflows how you deliver value to
clients your onboarding whatever it is
and how to optimize and make them more
efficient this is hugely valuable stuff
for career people how about a rume
prompt that'll write your resum out now
it takes a bit of setting up this one
but you can then just put in the job ad
boom there's a tailored tailored to that
job uh CV and cover letter boom and you
can edit that up and instantly use that
we got modifiers so we show you how to
unlock personalization we show you how
to modify creativity something that's
very powerful uh to make it more
creative and less robotic um how to get
around the restrictions when it's lazy
token override modifiers very famous
we're famous for this one folks give it
to you for free in here how to power up
your chat GPT custom instructions to
improve the quality of your prompts a
writing prompt modifier so if you doing
any writing work it'll bump up the value
and a bunch of other stuff so let's go
see let's just
well let's start with the coloring in
prompt I want to show you how cool this
is actually before we get there prompt
structure so we're going to teach you
the basics of prompting this is
essential if you're going to take AI
seriously and if you want to progress in
the AI era and you don't understand
prompt structure you're going to be
constrained to those horrible one and
two line horrible just blah blah prompts
that aren't going to give you the level
of output that these will and the reason
I give you all these prompts is so you
don't have to believe me you can take
this prompt run it yourself on on chat
GPT Gemini whatever and see for yourself
just how much better professionally
engineered prompts are and this is how
you do it number one start with a role
number two give it some background
information number three tell it the
goal that it's aligning to give it some
guidelines and instructions your wants
you not wants you you you is where you
get to be Michelangelo and shape the
output and create what you want and then
your presentation very simple prompt
structure to learn but it will do
amazing things and then all our prompts
in here uh follow this prompt structure
predominantly and we've got some free
video training that you can access
inside the guide which is really cool
gosh we love AI generated art isn't it
fun okay so here's our prompt collection
this is the first time we've ever
offered all our prompts in one place
incredible uh let's have a look at the
coloring impr prompt so this is the type
of image you can create now you can do
it on 16 by9 if you want so you can have
it you know on a piece of uh A4 a l of
paper and here's a really cool thing
this prompt is so easy so look with this
document you get instructions on how to
use the prompt the reason for the prompt
and then you get the prompt and you'll
see big gold placeholders to for you to
personalize it to your use case the
power of AI as personalization folks oh
so exciting so here you can get your
kids to come up with the theme so hey
kids what do you want to draw today oh
I'd like to have dinosaurs eating Donuts
okay let's do dinosaurs eating Donuts
when it'll bring out a beautiful sketch
outline for the kids to color in and I
can tell you it's great for bonding with
your kids and it gives them a lot more
Buy in into the process than just a
bought coloring in book it's their image
they help create it they're going to
color that in with pride and it's going
to keep them engaged a lot
longer always good for the holidays okay
personal development prompts you know so
again we explain it this one has a free
video walk through cuz it's so important
and again you got some personalization
what do you need help with what's your
my brick score you can get it for free
here this is a comprehensive guide this
isn't a five minute thrown together and
chat GPT guide this is our own work
where we've built these prompts from
scratch without using AI because you get
much better output so look ton of stuff
in here how to use AI to pinpoint
issues um in your funnel for example
look there's just so much and you can
see the amount of pay
you can just keep scrolling and there's
more prompts uh and you'll see you know
we have our context our role our
objective our instructions this one is
using chat GPT to build a client
acquisition strategy so folks these are
prompts that have real world utility and
have a lot of value and I'm giving them
to you because it's important you
understand what's possible now I'm very
transparent and authentic as you're
picking up the longer you spend time in
our content you'll see that we give a
lot of free value value and that's
because there's a ton of content a
tsunami of content coming and if you
want to stand out you need to be able to
produce value and that's what this guide
is going to teach you how to do and you
need a really strong Community we have
the Unleashed and we nurture our
community with free stuff like this to
show what's possible to show that you
know how can you trust all this rubbish
out there it's a new industry so this
way you can try see what we do at
absolutely no risk and if you want to
move into any of our any of our more
advanced programs and we've got some
very very powerful AI Frameworks that
will have very big utility gosh won't
talk about them today today is all about
the ultimate prompt toolkit now if you
want it down in the description I've got
a link it's going to take you to a page
you're going to click the button put
your details in and that will be emailed
to you instantly and there's no hooks
it's absolutely free and that's it so
folks the AI error you're going to have
to think differently about the way you
do marketing the traditional methods
aren't going to work in this new sort of
world and the best place to start and
get familiar with using these models at
the level you need to be competitive or
this guide is your starting point I hope
you find it valuable folks we put a lot
of effort into it and uh you know as I
said a new approach is needed we lead
with value we show you what we're
capable of and we put the power in your
hands so that you can see what's
possible with AI and start moving
yourself your community your business
your family forward whatever it is AI is
a very powerful disruptive and
transformative force and this guide will
open up a whole new world of
possibilities that's it for today folks
thanks for listening and I'll see you in
the next one peace